# We live in Multitudes

I really enjoyed Crip Camp and it was very powerful at moments with the story of the campers and their fight beyond.

The rest of the readings got me thinking about the concept of spaces that we interact and fulfill our social and other tasks in, be it physical and virtual.

I’ve been learning web design recently and was surprised to the learn the almost staggering amount of accessibility features and standards specified by [WAI-ARIA.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WAI-ARIA) Then I tested a bunch of websites with a developer tool that runs automatic checks for accessibility issues, and was surprised(and unsurprised at the same time) to find out that two-digits of issues is seemingly the norm for even established sites with ginormous traffic. In the end I had to remind myself that not even that many websites are “functional” for able-bodied people and I probably should’ve lowered my expectations. I think this also has to do with web developers’ reliance on some semi-automated tools that produce HTML code which casually and frequently breaks ARIA specifications. The topic of web accessibility with regards to art galleries is intriguing in that I’m not entirely sure how this is pertinent(compared to the overall issues all over the internet); maybe it’s their tendency to design their websites in a less-functional and more aesthetic driven manner?

As to the New York City subway, I had a somewhat related experience that further strengthened my belief in universal design, similar to the curb-cut example: once I attempted to travel to JFK with two big suitcases(admitted filled with too much junk and the airline was definitely happy to charge me a ridiculous amount) and I think we all know how it went. That time I also felt the struggle of Sasha Blair-Goldensohn and had to pray for working elevators and fortunately did make it on time. And as I started to pay attention to accessibility issues with public transport, I noticed a interesting discrepancy as I travelled back and forth between the states and China. In my hometown Nanjing, the subway system is about one third the size of NYC in terms of station count and roughly on par in daily ridership, and I couldn’t help notice the surprising abundance of elevators, ramps, and some kind of mini elevator that attaches to the stair handrails which could move a person on a wheelchair along said rails, which stands in stark contrast of the overall inferior accessible infrastructure in China, and the honestly weird absence of people with disabilities on the streets and using these facilities in general(likely due to the overall unfriendliness of society and most street infrastructure)

On a totally unrelated note, as the credits rolled and “Like a ship” by Pastor T.L. Barrett played along, I instantly recognized that it sounds exactly like, I couldn’t identify which, but something I’ve been listening to recently; and it turns out it’s The Knocks’ *All About You* featuring Foster the People that sampled this song so yeah there’s that, a happy coincidence.

